Hello all.
Welcome to the specialization
on the internet of things,
our viewpoint is the convergence
of multiple technologies.
We will talk about telephony
networks that we switched, and
a lot of innovations gave rise to
broadcast, radio and television.
And that in turn led to consumer
electronics and the growth of content.
Around this time, 1972, DARPA
commissioned the Development of Internet
to do one thing that could not be
done with the telephony networks and
the broadcast networks at that time,
that is reliability.
And as we all know,
Internet delivered on reliability and
went on to subsume the functionality of
telephony networks and broadcast networks.
So, the next big converging
technology was wireless technologies,
and that gave us wireless Internet and
the smartphones.
And, in this course, we are going
to use the smartphone platform
to teach you the internet of things,
and what the future might be.
The IOT platform, the indications,
or it will give us new products and
services in this phase of automotive
industry, health care, robotics.
The unique thing about this course.
This series of courses is it's
completely hands on and lab oriented.
And I would like to come and
introduce the lab parts about that.
Hello come on in.
>> Hey thanks, Arty.
Hey's guys, you're probably all looking to
take this class because you're interested
in building your own internet of things.
And I think you've come
to the right place.
This is gonna be really hands on.
Most of the courses here
are built by the students of UCSD.
You're gonna be working with this
Arrow Electronics DragonBoard 410c,
which runs the Qualcomm Snapdragon
processor.
This is kind of you can think of it
like if you take out your smartphone,
open up the hood.
What you'll find is components in here.
So, this will form the core of our course.
To follow along you would buy one
of these, which is not a big deal,
it's not that expensive.
But I wanna pause here and
kind of give you a snapshot of what you're
gonna experience throughout this course.
You're gonna see some of the lab
projects you'll be building.
And after that, you'll finally end up with
the Capstone project where you'll create
your own ideas and
build on it using the 410c.
Anyway, I'll leave now,
give a little trailer of what you're gonna
experience in the course and
hope to see you in course one.
[MUSIC]
>> Hey guys I want to introduce you to
the rest of the team that made the move
possible.
I wanna start with Robert here.
But before that I wanna say this.
Two students are missing here.
Randy and but you'll get to see
them later throughout the course.
Start with the chief of student's, Robert.
>> Thanks I'm Robert Wolf.
I just recently graduated here at
UCSD with electrical engineering and
I look forward to meeting everyone
throughout these courses coming up.
>> I'm Eric I'm a grad student in
the ECE department here at UCSD and
I'm here to teach you guys some Parkour.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Just kidding.
We're [CROSSTALK] [LAUGH]
>> My name is Jacob I'm a third-year here,
studying computer science at UCSD.
And I'm ready for the course.
>> And I'm Arjan Makyun.
I'm also a third year at UCSD
doing computer engineering.
And I'm gonna have a great time
doing these courses with you guys.
>> And, finally,
I wanna introduce you to the video crew,
which made the whole course possible.
Hector, Alex, Joe,
please come in and say hi.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Do a little selfie of yourself.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Hopefully we'll see you guys in course
one, please come back.